Explain unavailability of properties (#1926)
oasis-tcs/odata-specs: odata-protocol/11 Data Service Requests.md

or complex type instance that are not advertised in metadata, even for
types not marked as open.

Properties that are not available are not returned. If their unavailability
is due to permissions, the
[`Core.Permissions`](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/odata-vocabularies/blob/master/vocabularies/Org.OData.Core.V1.md#Permissions)
annotation, defined in [OData-VocCore](#ODataVocCore) MUST be returned
for the property with a value of `None`.
If the [`omit-values`](#Preferenceomitvalues) preference is

> applied, an explanatory annotation MUST be returned for every unavailable

Reviewer: Which annotation should be returned? Do we need a new one, or can this be any annotation?

Author: There can be different annotations, depending on the reason for the unavailability. Most of them are not invented yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
applied, a reason-specific explanatory annotation MUST be returned for every unavailable
```
Something along this line to indicate that it is not a single annotation that we forgot to mention.
